How can I dare to sleep if you are not asleep?
You are a black shop
I secretly gave the service I didn't order.
At the checkout later.
I don't know how much it will cost
Impossible to smell my secret incense
Unless you take the antidote in advance
Otherwise it's impossible to stay awake
You think I took the antidote
The mouth is still quite hard
I'd like to see if it's your mouth
Or this knife?
You better kill me!
Otherwise as long as I have breath
I won't let you go
You are so beautiful
In such good shape
Wouldn't it be a pity to kill you?
Forget it.
After death
The body temperature is still hot within half an hour
You pervert, more perverted is still to come
If you don't want to try
Tell me who sent you
I said
Snow is still here